# SchrodingerLangevin.jl: Figures and Animations

This package contains all the necessary code to reproduce the figures and animations from the paper ["Langevin dynamics of generalized spins as SU(N) coherent states" by D. Dahlbom, C. Miles, H. Zhang, C. Batista and K. Barros](https://arxiv.org/abs/2209.01265). The code is written in the [Julia programming language](https://julialang.org/). Some of the examples, in particular those involving skyrmions, additionally require the package [Sunny.jl](https://github.com/SunnySuite/Sunny.jl), which implements many of the ideas in the paper and makes them available for use in a general purpose package for simulating generalized spin systems. In this file, we briefly describe how to install and use the code in the Julia REPL. Similar steps can be taken within an environment like VSCode.

1. Open up the Julia REPL in the directory `SchrodingerLangevin`.
2. In the Julia REPL, type `]` to enter the package mode, and then type `activate .` and press "enter". 
3. While still in the package mode, type `instantiate`. This will install all the necessary dependencies. Once this process is finished, hit the backspace key to re-enter the standard mode of the Julia REPL.
4. Now type `include("src/SchrodingerLangevin.jl")`, followed by the enter key. When this is completed, execute `using .SchrodingerLangevin` to bring all the relevant functions into the REPL environment.
5. It is now possible to call any of the functions that produce the figures and animations. In particular, `fig1()`, `fig2()` and `fig3()` reproduce the three figures in the paper. Calling `quench_animation()` and `thermalize_animation()` will reproduce the two animations included in the paper's supplementary materials. Note that `thermalize_animation()` may take quite a while to run, depending on your computer (~20 minutes).